Pre-commit hook settings (#93)
openshift/lightspeed-service: CONTRIBUTING.md

# install dev/tests dependencies
make install-deps-test

# code formatting

> # (this is also run automaticall as part of pre-commit hook)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (this is also run automatically as part of the pre-commit hook)
```

by pre-commit hook do you mean the PR test job?  If so, call it PR pre-merge testing and not pre-commit hook.

if you do mean pre-commit hook, where is this setup?

Author: fixed

make format

# code style and docstring style

> # (this is also run automaticall as part of pre-commit hook)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (this is also run automatically as part of the pre-commit hook)
```

same question as above though

Author: ah my bad, the "dotfile" was ignored. sorry!!!

Author: fixed too @bparees , updated doc how to setup it
